bump minimum supported k8s version (#28247)
sourcegraph/sourcegraph: doc/admin/install/kubernetes/index.md

Our Kubernetes support has the following requirements:

- [Sourcegraph Enterprise license](configure.md#add-license-key). _You can run through these instructions without one, but you must obtain a license for instances of more than 10 users._

> - Minimum Kubernetes version: [v1.19](https://kubernetes.io/blog/2020/03/25/kubernetes-1-18-release-announcement/) and [kubectl](https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/tools/install-kubectl/) v1.19 or later (check kubectl docs for backward and forward compatibility with Kubernetes versions).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Minimum Kubernetes version: [v1.19](https://kubernetes.io/blog/2020/08/26/kubernetes-release-1.19-accentuate-the-paw-sitive/) and [kubectl](https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/tools/install-kubectl/) v1.19 or later (check kubectl docs for backward and forward compatibility with Kubernetes versions).
```
